{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red110\green5\blue2;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c51239\c6511\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13480\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\fi557\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Preparation to Bonus Party\cf0 \

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 1. Objects and classes
\f1\b0 \
Fields and methods\
Access modifiers\
Static fields/methods, final field/method/class\
Get/set methods\
Constructors and init block\
2 usages of 
\f2\i this
\f1\i0  keyword\
Overloading\
Enums\
Naming conventions and class abstraction\
toString(), equals(), hashcode(), hash-based collections\
Vector\
 \

\f0\b 2. Inheritance and polymorphism\

\f1\b0 Subclass and superclass concepts\
Abstract classes and abstract methods\
Concrete, final and abstract methods\
2 scenarios when u extend abstract class\
Usage of 
\f2\i super
\f1\i0  keyword\
Phases of object creation (inheritance chain)\
Overriding , difference between overloading and overriding\
Type check and type cast\
Widening conversion and narrowing conversion\
Actual class and declared class\
Polymorphism \
Class importation. Difference between importation and extension\
\

\f0\b 3. Interfaces\

\f1\b0 Idea\
Interface members\
Difference between abstract classes, interfaces\
Comparable interface\
Comparator interface\
Cloneable interface\
Marker interfaces\
Runtime Polymorhism (classes, interfaces)\
Relationships between classes\
Extending interfaces\

\f0\b \
4. Files and Streams, Exceptions, Serialization
\f3\fs32 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf3 	Streams, Readers and Writers. PrintWriter. \
	Buffered Streams.InputStream/OutputStream. Reader/Writer. \
	Checked & Unchecked exceptions. \
	Claiming Exceptions. Throwing Exceptions . \
	Catching Exceptions. Handling the exceptions. try-catch block, finally clause. \
	Serialization, Deserialization\
5. UML class models - Dependency, Aggregation, composition, generalization, realization associations\
6. Collections. Collections, Set, List, SortedSet, Map interface. Vector, ArrayList, LinkedList, HashSet, LinkedHashSet, TreeSet, HashMap, TreeMap.\
Requirements for classes to be stored in some collection. Iterator. \
6. Design patterns -to be studied\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\fi557\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\fi557\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}